README.md, before:

# Student Robotics Competition Screens

This repository contains the web pages for the various screens that are
displayed at the competition.

## Configuration

Create a file called `config.json` based on `config.example.json`.

## Installation & Running

Dependencies are managed with [Bower](http://bower.io/), therefore you must
install them in the normal way:

    $ bower install

The best way to test these screens is to run an HTTP server in the root of your
clone and navigate to it with your web browser.

    $ python3 -m http.server

## Screens

Here are the screens that are in this repository.

### Arena

This screen is displayed in each corner of the arena.

You can configure which corner the screen should be displaying by altering the
query parameters:

    /arena.html?<arena>,<corner>

### Outside

This screen is available to competitors at some strategic points around the
competition venue. It displays information such as the current leaderboard, the
match schedule, the scores and the knockout diagram.

## Components

The screens use [Web Components](http://webcomponents.org/) and
[Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org/) to make the code more maintainable,
flexible and reusable. They are stored in the `components` folder.

Commit message:

Document the supported browsers
Fixes https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-screens/issues/4.

README.md, after:

# Student Robotics Competition Screens

This repository contains the web pages for the various screens that are
displayed at the competition.

## Configuration

Create a file called `config.json` based on `config.example.json`.

## Installation & Running

Dependencies are managed with [Bower](http://bower.io/), therefore you must
install them in the normal way:

    $ bower install

The best way to test these screens is to run an HTTP server in the root of your
clone and navigate to it with your web browser.

    $ python3 -m http.server

## Browser support

The canonical platform for these screens is the browsers available on
the current version of Raspbian and as configured by [srcomp-kiosk][srcomp-kiosk].
This generally means Firefox and Chromium.

Current versions of Firefox and Chromium should also work, primarily so
that development is easy without a Raspberry Pi.

Microsoft Edge (pre-Chromium) is known not to work, due to a lack of support
for the `EventSource` API.

[srcomp-kiosk]: https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-kiosk

## Screens

Here are the screens that are in this repository.

### Arena

This screen is displayed in each corner of the arena.

You can configure which corner the screen should be displaying by altering the
query parameters:

    /arena.html?<arena>,<corner>

### Outside

This screen is available to competitors at some strategic points around the
competition venue. It displays information such as the current leaderboard, the
match schedule, the scores and the knockout diagram.

## Components

The screens use [Web Components](http://webcomponents.org/) and
[Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org/) to make the code more maintainable,
flexible and reusable. They are stored in the `components` folder.
